









You'll want an svg for each *country*. What's your data look like? What's every row?





















You're going to be reading in multiple files. You do that like this...

    Promise.all([
      d3.csv(require('./file1.csv')),
      d3.csv(require('./file2.csv')),
      d3.csv(require('./file3.csv')),
      d3.csv(require('./file4.csv')),
      d3.csv(require('./file5.csv'))
    ])
      .then(ready)

And then change ready to understand it's a list of stuff coming in

    function ready([datapoints1, datapoints2, datapoints3, datapoints4, datapoints5]) {
      
    }

USE VARIABLE NAMES THAT MAKE SENSE. If you use datapoints1 and datapoints2 my head will explode.


Make sure you put [] inside of there or it isn't going to work!













So grab the div container and do your selectall/data/enter/append magic with svgs instead of with circles or paths





















Make sure your svgs have the whole margin/g/transform thing going on





















Once you've drawn your svgs, just do a .each and then pretend you're just drawing ONE visualization. Suddenly it will draw ALL of them!





















For your x axis, it might look nicer if you remove the commas and get rid of some of the years, e.g.

  var xAxis = d3.axisBottom(xPositionScale).ticks(4).tickFormat(d3.format("d"))











Usually you just have 'datapoints', but this time you have multiple files, so your .data(----) stuff is going to look a little bit different.















For your y axis, a comma and a $ might be nice, 'eh? Try d3.format("$,d"), or do what we did in class - see https://github.com/d3/d3-format for more (or, you know, the typical d3 documentation trainwreck)














the line won't show up if it doesn't have a stroke! And ew, that inside color is no good at all.



















the add that text up top! In the middle! the attribute 'text-anchor' should be set to 'center' to make the 'x' of the text centered. You also might be interested in a negative y value to push it up.













You can bold text with 'font-weight' set to bold







OK NOW TIME TO GET CRAZY. Let's add in the USA stuff. Think about what you need to read in multiple files.
















Promise.all, right? But remember that now your ready is going to get more parameters.
















Right now it gets 'datapoints' - maybe call this one 'usaDatapoints' or something equally terrible?












You want to draw this line in EVERY SINGLE GRAPH.















Inside of your .each, it knows about usaDatapoints. Just close your eyes and pretend it's not a small multiple. It might work!!















remember, it's a single line - no .selectAll here! Just .append and .datum.













change the size of your text with the attribute 'font-size', just give it a number














#9e4b6c is a nice color
















tickSize sets the size of the tick. When you're dealing with the y axis you want to make sure it's as wide as the entire graph, and when you're dealing with the x axis you want to make sure it's as tall as the entire graph.















but you use negative sizes!











Want to make the tick lines dashed?

    svg.selectAll('.tick line')
      .attr('stroke-dasharray', '2 2')

You should also make them a lighter color!












You can also remove the dark lines like we did in class with

  svg.selectAll('.domain').remove()
















If you don't want a $0, use .tickValues to specify exactly where you want your tick marks!






